Add instruction to open in Draw.io (#7)
iota-wiki/Design-Resources: README.md

  - Please follow the Design-Guideline if you want to contribute images for the Wiki
  - If you want to add new files, such as Icons etc, place them in the correct folder to keep a clean structure
  - Be aware of how you name files

## Add Design Resources To [Draw.io](https://app.diagrams.net/)

1. Open [Draw.io](https://app.diagrams.net/).
2. Click **File** > **Open Library From** > **URL**.

> 3. Paste https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iota-wiki/Design-Resources/main/flowchart_library/flowchart.xml. 

Author: ````suggestion
3. Paste the RAW URL of the library, for example:
```
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iota-wiki/Design-Resources/main/flowchart_library/flowchart.xml
```
````

  - Please follow the Design-Guideline if you want to contribute images for the Wiki
  - If you want to add new files, such as Icons etc, place them in the correct folder to keep a clean structure
  - Be aware of how you name files

> # Add Design Resources To [Draw.io](https://app.diagrams.net/)
> 
> 1. Fork this repository. 
> 2. Open [Draw.io](https://app.diagrams.net/).
> 3. Click **File** > **Open Library From** > **URL**.
> 4. Paste https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iota-wiki/Design-Resources/main/flowchart_library/flowchart.xml. 
> 5. Open the **flowchart_library** folder. 
> 6. Select **flowchart.xml** file. 
> 7. Create you IOTA themed graphs. 

Author: ```suggestion
## Add Design Resources To [Draw.io](https://app.diagrams.net/)

1. Open [Draw.io](https://app.diagrams.net/).
2. Click **File** > **Open Library From** > **URL**.
3. Paste https://raw.githubusercontent.com/iota-wiki/Design-Resources/main/flowchart_library/flowchart.xml. 
4. Create your IOTA-themed graphs. 
```
